README.md, before:

# AI-First Quality Engineer Portfolio

[![GitHub Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Pages-Live-brightgreen?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://elamcb.github.io)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/network/members)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg?style=flat-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Playwright](https://img.shields.io/badge/Playwright-2EAD33?style=flat-square&logo=playwright&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

> **Production-ready portfolio template showcasing AI-First development practices with advanced testing frameworks, RAG implementations, and modern web technologies.**

**Live Demo**: [https://elamcb.github.io](https://elamcb.github.io)

## Why This Portfolio Template?

**For Developers & Engineers**: This isn't just a portfolio - it's a **complete template** demonstrating cutting-edge development practices:

- **AI-First Architecture**: Real implementations of RAG, MCP, and LLM testing frameworks
- **Production-Ready Code**: GitHub Actions CI/CD, HTML validation, automated deployment
- **Modern Tech Stack**: Responsive design, advanced CSS animations, vanilla JavaScript
- **Developer Experience**: Well-documented, easily forkable, and customizable
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading, SEO-friendly, accessibility compliant

**Perfect for**: QA Engineers, Test Automation Engineers, Full-Stack Developers, AI Engineers transitioning careers or building professional portfolios.

## Quick Start for Developers

```bash
# Fork this repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_USERNAME.github.io.git
cd YOUR_USERNAME.github.io

# Customize with your information
# Edit index.html, README.md, and project files
# Replace images/profile.jpg with your photo

# Deploy to GitHub Pages (automatic via Actions)
git add .
git commit -m "Initial customization"
git push origin main
```

**Your portfolio will be live at**: `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io`

## Live Preview

**🔗 [View Live Portfolio](https://elamcb.github.io)**

*Professional portfolio showcasing AI-First Quality Engineering with futuristic design, interactive demos, and comprehensive learning resources.*

## Core Components

- **Responsive Technical Portfolio**: Mobile-optimized professional presentation
- **Skills Taxonomy**: AI testing, automation frameworks, and programming languages
- **Project Demonstrations**: Real-world implementations with technical specifications  
- **Development Metrics**: GitHub contribution analytics and code activity
- **Performance Engineered**: Optimized loading and smooth UX interactions

## Featured Projects

### LLMGuardian - AI Testing Framework
A production-ready framework for validating Large Language Models for safety, accuracy, and reliability:
- **[Project Documentation](./llm-guardian/)** - Flagship LLM testing framework with RAG, MCP, and advanced reasoning
- **[Live Demo](./llm-guardian/demo.html)** - Interactive demonstrations of AI validation capabilities
- **Technology Stack**: JavaScript/Node.js, AI/ML APIs, RAG, MCP, Advanced Reasoning
- **Real Results**: Caught 23% accuracy degradation, prevented 3 critical safety violations, 60% faster testing

### Job Search Automation Suite
A real-world demonstration of AI-powered automation for job searching and career management:
- **[Project Details](./job-search-automation/)** - Ethical automation system with 85% job matching accuracy
- **Technology Stack**: Python, Playwright, AI/ML, React/TypeScript
- **Results**: 60% reduction in job search time, improved application quality and targeting

### Algorithmic Trading System
A systematic quantitative trading strategy demonstrating financial analysis and risk management:
- **[Strategy Details](./algorithmic-trading/)** - Mean reversion trading with automated backtesting
- **Technology Stack**: Python, pandas, Statistical Analysis, Risk Management
- **Performance**: +127% total return, 1.67 Sharpe ratio, 64% win rate

## QA & SDET AI Prompt Library

This repository also includes a collection of AI prompts designed for Quality Assurance Engineers and SDETs:

- **[QA Prompts Library](./qa-prompts/)** - Organized collection of AI prompts for testing workflows
- **[Test Generation Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/test-generation.md)** - Convert user stories to test cases
- **[Code Generation Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/code-generation.md)** - Automate test framework setup
- **[API Testing Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/api-testing.md)** - REST API and GraphQL testing
- **[Mobile Testing Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/mobile-testing.md)** - Native and mobile web testing
- **[Example Outputs](./qa-prompts/examples/sample-outputs.md)** - Sample AI responses using these prompts

## Project Structure

```
Portfolio Repository/
├── index.html                    # Main portfolio website
├── README.md                     # Project documentation
├── .github/workflows/            # CI/CD automation
├── docs/                         # Detailed documentation
│   ├── ARCHITECTURE.md           # Technical architecture
│   └── FEATURES.md               # Feature documentation
├── images/                       # Visual assets
│   └── profile.jpg               # Professional profile photo
├── screenshots/                  # Portfolio screenshots
├── scripts/                      # Setup and validation scripts
├── job-search-automation/        # AI automation project
│   ├── README.md                 # Project documentation
│   ├── demo-screenshots.md       # Visual demonstrations
│   └── ethical-automation-guide.md # Best practices guide
├── algorithmic-trading/          # Quantitative trading project
│   ├── README.md                 # Strategy overview and results
│   └── strategy-implementation.md # Technical implementation
├── llm-guardian/                 # LLM Testing Framework (Flagship Project)
│   ├── README.md                 # Framework documentation
│   ├── index.html                # Project overview page
│   ├── demo.html                 # Interactive live demonstrations
│   ├── package.json              # npm package configuration
│   ├── src/                      # Core framework source code
│   │   ├── index.js              # Main entry point
│   │   ├── llm-tester.js         # Core testing logic
│   │   ├── safety-evaluator.js   # Safety validation
│   │   ├── rag-evaluator.js      # RAG demonstrations
│   │   └── mcp-server.js         # MCP integration
│   ├── examples/                 # Usage examples and demos
│   ├── reasoning-examples/       # Advanced AI reasoning demos
│   └── test/                     # Test suites
└── qa-prompts/                   # QA & SDET AI Prompt Library
    ├── README.md                 # Library documentation
    ├── prompts/                  # Organized prompt categories
    │   ├── test-generation.md    # Test case creation
    │   ├── code-generation.md    # Framework automation
    │   ├── api-testing.md        # API testing prompts
    │   └── mobile-testing.md     # Mobile testing prompts
    └── examples/                 # Sample AI outputs
        └── sample-outputs.md     # Example responses
```

## Development Approach

This portfolio demonstrates **AI-First development practices** using advanced AI systems - showcasing how AI can accelerate professional software development while maintaining high quality standards:

- **Rapid Prototyping**: Complete portfolio architecture designed and implemented in hours, not days
- **AI-Assisted Development**: Leveraged multiple AI systems for code generation, optimization, and rapid iteration
- **Human-AI Collaboration**: Strategic decisions, domain expertise, and quality control maintained by human developer
- **Efficiency Gains**: ~10x faster development cycle through intelligent automation and AI pair programming
- **Technical Partnership**: Advanced AI systems as development accelerators and code generation partners

**This approach mirrors the future of software development** - where cutting-edge AI systems amplify human expertise rather than replacing it.

## Learn: AI-First Development

**Master prompt engineering and AI-assisted development** with our comprehensive learning resources:

### Learning Resources
- **[AI-First Development Manifesto](./docs/AI-FIRST-MANIFESTO.md)** - Understanding the philosophy and practical approach to AI-assisted development
- **[Prompt Engineering Guide](./docs/PROMPT-ENGINEERING-GUIDE.md)** - Complete guide to effective AI prompting for developers
- **[AI Workflow Integration](./docs/AI-WORKFLOW-INTEGRATION.md)** - Seamlessly integrate AI into your daily development workflow
- **[Customization Guide](./docs/CUSTOMIZATION.md)** - Step-by-step template customization instructions

### What You'll Learn
- **Practical Prompting**: Real prompts used to build this portfolio (10x faster development)
- **Daily Integration**: Morning planning, code review, debugging, and documentation workflows
- **Advanced Techniques**: Chain-of-thought prompting, role-based prompting, multi-step problem solving
- **Quality Assurance**: Testing strategies, bug analysis, and performance optimization with AI
- **Best Practices**: Security considerations, validation strategies, and common pitfalls to avoid

### Real-World Examples
Every technique in our guides was used to build this portfolio:
- **Complete HTML/CSS generation** in minutes instead of hours
- **Comprehensive documentation** created alongside code
- **Advanced AI frameworks** (RAG, MCP, LLM testing) implemented with AI assistance
- **Production-ready CI/CD** pipeline configured with AI guidance

**Perfect for**: Developers wanting to 10x their productivity, QA engineers transitioning to AI-first practices, and teams adopting AI-assisted development workflows.

## Quick Start

1. **View Live**: Visit [https://elamcb.github.io](https://elamcb.github.io)
2. **Explore Locally**: Clone and open `index.html` in your browser
3. **Run Validation**: Use `node scripts/validate.js` to check project integrity
4. **Read Documentation**: Check the `docs/` folder for detailed information

## For Developers: How to Use This Template

### 1. Fork & Customize
- Fork this repository to `YOUR_USERNAME.github.io`
- Replace personal information in `index.html`
- Update `images/profile.jpg` with your photo
- Modify project sections with your own work

### 2. Advanced Features You Get
- **LLMGuardian Framework**: Real AI testing implementation
- **Interactive Demos**: Working examples of AI capabilities  
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing and deployment
- **Responsive Design**: Mobile-first, modern UI/UX
- **SEO Optimized**: Meta tags, structured data, performance optimized

### 3. Extend & Contribute
- Add your own projects to the template
- Improve the AI testing frameworks
- Submit PRs for new features or bug fixes

## Community & Contributions

**Found this useful?** Help others discover it by sharing and contributing!

**Want to contribute?** 
- Report bugs via [Issues](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/issues)
- Submit feature requests
- Create pull requests for improvements
- Share your customized version

**Questions?** Open a [Discussion](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/discussions) or reach out!

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this template for your own portfolio!

## Contact

**Portfolio**: [https://elamcb.github.io](https://elamcb.github.io)  
**LinkedIn**: [https://linkedin.com/in/elenamereanu](https://linkedin.com/in/elenamereanu)  
**GitHub**: [https://github.com/ElaMCB](https://github.com/ElaMCB)

---

**This template helped you build an awesome portfolio? Consider contributing back to help others!**

Commit message:

Add welcoming START HERE guide for traditional developers - addresses information overwhelm with gentle introduction

README.md, after:

# AI-First Quality Engineer Portfolio

[![GitHub Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Pages-Live-brightgreen?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://elamcb.github.io)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/network/members)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg?style=flat-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Playwright](https://img.shields.io/badge/Playwright-2EAD33?style=flat-square&logo=playwright&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

> **Production-ready portfolio template showcasing AI-First development practices with advanced testing frameworks, RAG implementations, and modern web technologies.**

**Live Demo**: [https://elamcb.github.io](https://elamcb.github.io)

## Why This Portfolio Template?

**For Developers & Engineers**: This isn't just a portfolio - it's a **complete template** demonstrating cutting-edge development practices:

- **AI-First Architecture**: Real implementations of RAG, MCP, and LLM testing frameworks
- **Production-Ready Code**: GitHub Actions CI/CD, HTML validation, automated deployment
- **Modern Tech Stack**: Responsive design, advanced CSS animations, vanilla JavaScript
- **Developer Experience**: Well-documented, easily forkable, and customizable
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading, SEO-friendly, accessibility compliant

**Perfect for**: QA Engineers, Test Automation Engineers, Full-Stack Developers, AI Engineers transitioning careers or building professional portfolios.

## Quick Start for Developers

```bash
# Fork this repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_USERNAME.github.io.git
cd YOUR_USERNAME.github.io

# Customize with your information
# Edit index.html, README.md, and project files
# Replace images/profile.jpg with your photo

# Deploy to GitHub Pages (automatic via Actions)
git add .
git commit -m "Initial customization"
git push origin main
```

**Your portfolio will be live at**: `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io`

## Live Preview

**🔗 [View Live Portfolio](https://elamcb.github.io)**

*Professional portfolio showcasing AI-First Quality Engineering with futuristic design, interactive demos, and comprehensive learning resources.*

## Core Components

- **Responsive Technical Portfolio**: Mobile-optimized professional presentation
- **Skills Taxonomy**: AI testing, automation frameworks, and programming languages
- **Project Demonstrations**: Real-world implementations with technical specifications  
- **Development Metrics**: GitHub contribution analytics and code activity
- **Performance Engineered**: Optimized loading and smooth UX interactions

## Featured Projects

### LLMGuardian - AI Testing Framework
A production-ready framework for validating Large Language Models for safety, accuracy, and reliability:
- **[Project Documentation](./llm-guardian/)** - Flagship LLM testing framework with RAG, MCP, and advanced reasoning
- **[Live Demo](./llm-guardian/demo.html)** - Interactive demonstrations of AI validation capabilities
- **Technology Stack**: JavaScript/Node.js, AI/ML APIs, RAG, MCP, Advanced Reasoning
- **Real Results**: Caught 23% accuracy degradation, prevented 3 critical safety violations, 60% faster testing

### Job Search Automation Suite
A real-world demonstration of AI-powered automation for job searching and career management:
- **[Project Details](./job-search-automation/)** - Ethical automation system with 85% job matching accuracy
- **Technology Stack**: Python, Playwright, AI/ML, React/TypeScript
- **Results**: 60% reduction in job search time, improved application quality and targeting

### Algorithmic Trading System
A systematic quantitative trading strategy demonstrating financial analysis and risk management:
- **[Strategy Details](./algorithmic-trading/)** - Mean reversion trading with automated backtesting
- **Technology Stack**: Python, pandas, Statistical Analysis, Risk Management
- **Performance**: +127% total return, 1.67 Sharpe ratio, 64% win rate

## QA & SDET AI Prompt Library

This repository also includes a collection of AI prompts designed for Quality Assurance Engineers and SDETs:

- **[QA Prompts Library](./qa-prompts/)** - Organized collection of AI prompts for testing workflows
- **[Test Generation Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/test-generation.md)** - Convert user stories to test cases
- **[Code Generation Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/code-generation.md)** - Automate test framework setup
- **[API Testing Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/api-testing.md)** - REST API and GraphQL testing
- **[Mobile Testing Prompts](./qa-prompts/prompts/mobile-testing.md)** - Native and mobile web testing
- **[Example Outputs](./qa-prompts/examples/sample-outputs.md)** - Sample AI responses using these prompts

## Project Structure

```
Portfolio Repository/
├── index.html                    # Main portfolio website
├── README.md                     # Project documentation
├── .github/workflows/            # CI/CD automation
├── docs/                         # Detailed documentation
│   ├── ARCHITECTURE.md           # Technical architecture
│   └── FEATURES.md               # Feature documentation
├── images/                       # Visual assets
│   └── profile.jpg               # Professional profile photo
├── screenshots/                  # Portfolio screenshots
├── scripts/                      # Setup and validation scripts
├── job-search-automation/        # AI automation project
│   ├── README.md                 # Project documentation
│   ├── demo-screenshots.md       # Visual demonstrations
│   └── ethical-automation-guide.md # Best practices guide
├── algorithmic-trading/          # Quantitative trading project
│   ├── README.md                 # Strategy overview and results
│   └── strategy-implementation.md # Technical implementation
├── llm-guardian/                 # LLM Testing Framework (Flagship Project)
│   ├── README.md                 # Framework documentation
│   ├── index.html                # Project overview page
│   ├── demo.html                 # Interactive live demonstrations
│   ├── package.json              # npm package configuration
│   ├── src/                      # Core framework source code
│   │   ├── index.js              # Main entry point
│   │   ├── llm-tester.js         # Core testing logic
│   │   ├── safety-evaluator.js   # Safety validation
│   │   ├── rag-evaluator.js      # RAG demonstrations
│   │   └── mcp-server.js         # MCP integration
│   ├── examples/                 # Usage examples and demos
│   ├── reasoning-examples/       # Advanced AI reasoning demos
│   └── test/                     # Test suites
└── qa-prompts/                   # QA & SDET AI Prompt Library
    ├── README.md                 # Library documentation
    ├── prompts/                  # Organized prompt categories
    │   ├── test-generation.md    # Test case creation
    │   ├── code-generation.md    # Framework automation
    │   ├── api-testing.md        # API testing prompts
    │   └── mobile-testing.md     # Mobile testing prompts
    └── examples/                 # Sample AI outputs
        └── sample-outputs.md     # Example responses
```

## Development Approach

This portfolio demonstrates **AI-First development practices** using advanced AI systems - showcasing how AI can accelerate professional software development while maintaining high quality standards:

- **Rapid Prototyping**: Complete portfolio architecture designed and implemented in hours, not days
- **AI-Assisted Development**: Leveraged multiple AI systems for code generation, optimization, and rapid iteration
- **Human-AI Collaboration**: Strategic decisions, domain expertise, and quality control maintained by human developer
- **Efficiency Gains**: ~10x faster development cycle through intelligent automation and AI pair programming
- **Technical Partnership**: Advanced AI systems as development accelerators and code generation partners

**This approach mirrors the future of software development** - where cutting-edge AI systems amplify human expertise rather than replacing it.

## Learn: AI-First Development

**New to AI-assisted development?** → **[START HERE - Your First Steps](./docs/START-HERE.md)** ← **Perfect for traditional developers and QA professionals**

**Master prompt engineering and AI-assisted development** with our comprehensive learning resources:

### Learning Resources
- **[START HERE - Your First Steps](./docs/START-HERE.md)** - Perfect introduction for traditional developers and QA professionals
- **[AI-First Development Manifesto](./docs/AI-FIRST-MANIFESTO.md)** - Understanding the philosophy and practical approach to AI-assisted development
- **[Prompt Engineering Guide](./docs/PROMPT-ENGINEERING-GUIDE.md)** - Complete guide to effective AI prompting for developers
- **[AI Workflow Integration](./docs/AI-WORKFLOW-INTEGRATION.md)** - Seamlessly integrate AI into your daily development workflow
- **[Customization Guide](./docs/CUSTOMIZATION.md)** - Step-by-step template customization instructions

### What You'll Learn
- **Practical Prompting**: Real prompts used to build this portfolio (10x faster development)
- **Daily Integration**: Morning planning, code review, debugging, and documentation workflows
- **Advanced Techniques**: Chain-of-thought prompting, role-based prompting, multi-step problem solving
- **Quality Assurance**: Testing strategies, bug analysis, and performance optimization with AI
- **Best Practices**: Security considerations, validation strategies, and common pitfalls to avoid

### Real-World Examples
Every technique in our guides was used to build this portfolio:
- **Complete HTML/CSS generation** in minutes instead of hours
- **Comprehensive documentation** created alongside code
- **Advanced AI frameworks** (RAG, MCP, LLM testing) implemented with AI assistance
- **Production-ready CI/CD** pipeline configured with AI guidance

**Perfect for**: Developers wanting to 10x their productivity, QA engineers transitioning to AI-first practices, and teams adopting AI-assisted development workflows.

## Quick Start

1. **View Live**: Visit [https://elamcb.github.io](https://elamcb.github.io)
2. **Explore Locally**: Clone and open `index.html` in your browser
3. **Run Validation**: Use `node scripts/validate.js` to check project integrity
4. **Read Documentation**: Check the `docs/` folder for detailed information

## For Developers: How to Use This Template

### 1. Fork & Customize
- Fork this repository to `YOUR_USERNAME.github.io`
- Replace personal information in `index.html`
- Update `images/profile.jpg` with your photo
- Modify project sections with your own work

### 2. Advanced Features You Get
- **LLMGuardian Framework**: Real AI testing implementation
- **Interactive Demos**: Working examples of AI capabilities  
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing and deployment
- **Responsive Design**: Mobile-first, modern UI/UX
- **SEO Optimized**: Meta tags, structured data, performance optimized

### 3. Extend & Contribute
- Add your own projects to the template
- Improve the AI testing frameworks
- Submit PRs for new features or bug fixes

## Community & Contributions

**Found this useful?** Help others discover it by sharing and contributing!

**Want to contribute?** 
- Report bugs via [Issues](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/issues)
- Submit feature requests
- Create pull requests for improvements
- Share your customized version

**Questions?** Open a [Discussion](https://github.com/ElaMCB/ElaMCB.github.io/discussions) or reach out!

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this template for your own portfolio!

## Contact

**Portfolio**: [https://elamcb.github.io](https://elamcb.github.io)  
**LinkedIn**: [https://linkedin.com/in/elenamereanu](https://linkedin.com/in/elenamereanu)  
**GitHub**: [https://github.com/ElaMCB](https://github.com/ElaMCB)

---

**This template helped you build an awesome portfolio? Consider contributing back to help others!**
